docs/docs-and-web-client/src/content/docs/reference/custom_trans_options.mdx, before:

---
title: Transliteration Options
description: A detailed Overview of the available custom transliteration options
sidebar:
  order: 1
---

Lipi Lekhika provides several built-in transliteration options to handle script-specific transformations.

## Available Options

### `all_to_normal:replace_pancham_varga_varna_with_n`

Replaces ङ (G) and ञ (J) with 'n' when followed by ka-varga or cha-varga consonants for more natural Latin output.

| Input | Output |
|-------|--------|
| raJjitam | ranjitam |
| raGgam | rangam |

### `brahmic_to_brahmic:replace_pancham_varga_varna_with_anusvAra`

Replaces 5th varga consonants (ङ्, ञ्, ण्, न्, म्) with anusvāra (ं) when followed by consonants of the same varga.

| Input (Devanagari) | Output (Telugu) |
|--------------------|-----------------|
| काङ्क्षते | కాంక్షతే |

### `all_to_sinhala:use_conjunct_enabling_halant`

Uses conjunct-enabling halant (්‍) for Sinhala output to properly form conjunct consonants.

### `all_to_normal:remove_virAma_and_double_virAma`

Removes virāma (।) and pūrṇa virāma (॥) punctuation from Normal/Romanized output.

### `all_to_normal:replace_avagraha_with_a`

Replaces avagraha (ऽ) with 'a' in Normal/Romanized output.

| Input | Output |
|-------|--------|
| ko'pi | koapi |

### `normal_to_all:use_typing_chars`

Enables typing mode characters including duplicate alternatives and script-specific characters. Automatically enabled in typing mode.

### `all_to_normal:preserve_specific_chars`

Maps duplicate alternatives to base forms and uses custom normal keys for script-specific characters.

Commit message:

docs: JS Package and others (#54)
* init

* js package readme

* done

* robots.txt and old lipi lekhika added

* added posthod, meta tags and favicon

* project banner

* sitemap enabled

* posthog ket

* dd

* landinb page

* page

* fixed page transition

* added colour icns

* review done

docs/docs-and-web-client/src/content/docs/reference/custom_trans_options.mdx, after:

---
title: Transliteration Options
description: A detailed Overview of the available custom transliteration options
sidebar:
  order: 1
---

Lipi Lekhika provides several built-in transliteration options to handle script-specific transformations.

## Available Options

### `all_to_normal:replace_pancham_varga_varna_with_n`

Replaces ङ (G) and ञ (J) with 'n' when followed by ka-varga or cha-varga consonants for more natural Latin output.

| Input | Output |
|-------|--------|
| raJjitam | ranjitam |
| raGgam | rangam |

### `brahmic_to_brahmic:replace_pancham_varga_varna_with_anusvAra`

Replaces 5th varga consonants (ङ्, ञ्, ण्, न्, म्) with anusvāra (ं) when followed by consonants of the same varga.

| Input (Devanagari) | Output (Telugu) |
|--------------------|-----------------|
| काङ्क्षते | కాంక్షతే |

### `all_to_sinhala:use_conjunct_enabling_halant`

Uses conjunct-enabling halant (්‍) for Sinhala output to properly form conjunct consonants.

### `all_to_normal:remove_virAma_and_double_virAma`

Removes virāma (।) and pūrṇa virāma (॥) punctuation from Normal/Romanized output.

### `all_to_normal:replace_avagraha_with_a`

Replaces avagraha (ऽ) with 'a' in Normal/Romanized output.

| Input | Output |
|-------|--------|
| ko`pi | koapi |

### `normal_to_all:use_typing_chars`

Enables typing mode characters including duplicate alternatives and script-specific characters. Equivalent to typing mode using `createTypingContext` function.

### `all_to_normal:preserve_specific_chars`

Preserves script-specific characters when converting to Normal script. Can be useful for studying script specific characters.
