docs/docs-and-web-client/src/content/docs/getting-started/javascript.mdx, before:

---
title: JavaScript
description: Lipi Lekhika usage in JavaScript/TypeScript
sidebar:
  order: 2
---

import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import { Code } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import { LinkCard } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import { Aside } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import { PACKAGE_CURRENT_VERSION } from '~/tools/macros';

Lipi Lekhika offers a typesafe, tree-shakable package for JavaScript/TypeScript. It has support for all major javascript packaging formats namely **ESM**, **CommonJS** and **UMD**.

## Installation

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="npm" icon="npm">
    ```bash
    npm install lipilekhika
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="pnpm" icon="pnpm">
   ```bash
   pnpm add lipilekhika
   ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="bun" icon="bun">
    ```bash 
    bun add lipilekhika
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="yarn" icon="seti:yarn">
    ```bash
    yarn add lipilekhika
    ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Usage

For transliteration use the `transliterate` function. It returns a `Promise<string>`.

```ts
import { transliterate } from 'lipilekhika';

const result = await transliterate('na jAyatE mriyatE vA', 'Normal', 'Devanagari');
console.log(result); // न जायते म्रियते वा
```

- For commonjs you can use the `require('lipilekhika')` syntax.
- The Script/Language names are type safe so you will get editor support for autocompletion for names(including aliases).
- You can also pass in **custom transliteration options** to the `transliterate` as the fourth argument to the function.

<LinkCard 
   title="Custom Transliteration Options" 
   href="/reference/custom_trans_options" 
   description="A detailed Overview of the available custom transliteration options"
/>
<LinkCard 
   title="Supported Scripts and Languages"
   href="/reference/supported_scripts"
   description="List of all supported scripts/languages and their aliases"
/>

### Other Exports

The package also exports the following constants and utilities:

- **`SCRIPT_LIST`** — Array of all supported script names
- **`LANG_LIST`** — Array of all supported language names mapped to scripts
- **`ALL_LANG_SCRIPT_LIST`** — Combined list of all supported scripts and languages
- **`preloadScriptData(name)`** — Function to preload script data (useful for browsers to avoid fetch latency)

**TypeScript Types:**

- **`TransliterationOptions`** — Type for custom transliteration options
- **`ScriptListType`** / **`LangListType`** — Types for script and language lists
- **`ScriptLangType`** — Type for script/language identifiers (with aliases)

## Using Without a Package Manager

You can also use the package directly in the browser using the ESM and UMD Packages

### ESM in Browser

```html
<script type="module">
  import { transliterate } from 'https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/lipilekhika/dist/esm/index.mjs';
  transliterate('na jAyatE mriyatE vA', 'Normal', 'Devanagari')
    .then((text) => console.log(text));
</script>
```

### UMD in Browser

```html
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/lipilekhika"></script>
<script>
  lipilekhika.transliterate('na jAyatE mriyatE vA', 'Normal', 'Devanagari')
    .then((text) => console.log(text));
</script>
```

<Aside type="caution">
  The links above point to the latest version of the package. You should use it with a specific version number to avoid breaking changes. Current version is **{PACKAGE_CURRENT_VERSION}**.
  - **UMD** :- <a href={`https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/lipilekhika@${PACKAGE_CURRENT_VERSION}`}>{`https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/lipilekhika@${PACKAGE_CURRENT_VERSION}`}</a>
  - **ESM** :- <a href={`https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/lipilekhika@${PACKAGE_CURRENT_VERSION}/dist/esm/index.mjs`}>{`https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/lipilekhika@${PACKAGE_CURRENT_VERSION}/dist/esm/index.mjs`}</a>
</Aside>

## Typing Tool

For Browser environments we have a premade plugin for multiple frontend frameworks to use Lipi Lekhika's realtime typing features.

<LinkCard 
   title="Browser Typing Tool Usage" 
   href="/getting-started/browser_typing_tool"
   description="Detailed Guide on implementing Realtime typing"
/>

An environment agnostic reference guide to implement Realtime typing is any environment is available at the link below.

<LinkCard 
   title="Reference Guide to implement Realtime typing" 
   href="/reference/realtime_typing" 
   description="Reference Guide to implement Realtime typing"
/>

Commit message:

feat: Add Script Typing Map and Comparision functions (#55)
* common header and footer

* done map comparator

* done

* complete

docs/docs-and-web-client/src/content/docs/getting-started/javascript.mdx, after:

---
title: JavaScript
description: Lipi Lekhika usage in JavaScript/TypeScript
sidebar:
  order: 2
---

import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import { Code } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import { LinkCard } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import { Aside } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import { PACKAGE_CURRENT_VERSION } from '~/tools/macros';

Lipi Lekhika offers a typesafe, tree-shakable package for JavaScript/TypeScript. It has support for all major javascript packaging formats namely **ESM**, **CommonJS** and **UMD**.

## Installation

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="npm" icon="npm">
    ```bash
    npm install lipilekhika
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="pnpm" icon="pnpm">
   ```bash
   pnpm add lipilekhika
   ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="bun" icon="bun">
    ```bash 
    bun add lipilekhika
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="yarn" icon="seti:yarn">
    ```bash
    yarn add lipilekhika
    ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Usage

For transliteration use the `transliterate` function. It returns a `Promise<string>`.

```ts
import { transliterate } from 'lipilekhika';

const result = await transliterate('na jAyatE mriyatE vA', 'Normal', 'Devanagari');
console.log(result); // न जायते म्रियते वा
```

- For commonjs you can use the `require('lipilekhika')` syntax.
- The Script/Language names are type safe so you will get editor support for autocompletion for names(including aliases).
- You can also pass in **custom transliteration options** to the `transliterate` as the fourth argument to the function.

<LinkCard 
   title="Custom Transliteration Options" 
   href="/reference/custom_trans_options" 
   description="A detailed Overview of the available custom transliteration options"
/>
<LinkCard 
   title="Supported Scripts and Languages"
   href="/reference/supported_scripts"
   description="List of all supported scripts/languages and their aliases"
/>

### Other Exports

The package also exports the following constants and utilities:

- **`SCRIPT_LIST`** — Array of all supported script names
- **`LANG_LIST`** — Array of all supported language names mapped to scripts
- **`ALL_LANG_SCRIPT_LIST`** — Combined list of all supported scripts and languages
- **`preloadScriptData(name)`** — Function to preload script data (useful for browsers to avoid fetch latency)
- **`getAllOptions(from, to)`** — Returns available custom transliteration options for a specific script pair

**TypeScript Types:**

- **`TransliterationOptions`** — Type for custom transliteration options
- **`ScriptListType`** / **`LangListType`** — Types for script and language lists
- **`ScriptLangType`** — Type for script/language identifiers (with aliases)

<LinkCard 
    title="Typing Utilities"
    href="/reference/realtime_typing#additional-typing-utilities"
    description="Additional Typing Utilities to compare scripts and for Typing Helpers"
/>

## Using Without a Package Manager

You can also use the package directly in the browser using the ESM and UMD Packages

### ESM in Browser

```html
<script type="module">
  import { transliterate } from 'https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/lipilekhika/dist/esm/index.mjs';
  transliterate('na jAyatE mriyatE vA', 'Normal', 'Devanagari')
    .then((text) => console.log(text));
</script>
```

### UMD in Browser

```html
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/lipilekhika"></script>
<script>
  lipilekhika.transliterate('na jAyatE mriyatE vA', 'Normal', 'Devanagari')
    .then((text) => console.log(text));
</script>
```

<Aside type="caution">
  The links above point to the latest version of the package. You should use it with a specific version number to avoid breaking changes. Current version is **{PACKAGE_CURRENT_VERSION}**.
  - **UMD** :- <a href={`https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/lipilekhika@${PACKAGE_CURRENT_VERSION}`}>{`https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/lipilekhika@${PACKAGE_CURRENT_VERSION}`}</a>
  - **ESM** :- <a href={`https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/lipilekhika@${PACKAGE_CURRENT_VERSION}/dist/esm/index.mjs`}>{`https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/lipilekhika@${PACKAGE_CURRENT_VERSION}/dist/esm/index.mjs`}</a>
</Aside>

## Typing Tool

For Browser environments we have a premade plugin for multiple frontend frameworks to use Lipi Lekhika's realtime typing features.

<LinkCard 
   title="Browser Typing Tool Usage" 
   href="/getting-started/browser_typing_tool"
   description="Detailed Guide on implementing Realtime typing"
/>

An environment agnostic reference guide to implement Realtime typing is any environment is available at the link below.

<LinkCard 
   title="Reference Guide to implement Realtime typing" 
   href="/reference/realtime_typing" 
   description="Reference Guide to implement Realtime typing"
/>
